Spell out ICT on first use (#483)
atbcb/ICTTestingBaseline: _baselines/index.md

order-number: 0
permalink: /
---
## Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Testing Baseline for Web Accessibility

> This is the Section 508 [Information and Communication Technology](https://www.access-board.gov/ict/#E103.4) (ICT) Testing Baseline ***for Web***, version 3.1 (published April 1, 2024). This Baseline identifies the minimum requirements of any test process used to determine conformance of web content with the [Revised Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973](https://www.access-board.gov/ict), as amended (29 U.S.C. 794d).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the Section 508 [Information and Communication Technology](https://www.access-board.gov/ict/#defICT) (ICT) Testing Baseline ***for Web***, version 3.1 (published April 1, 2024). This Baseline identifies the minimum requirements of any test process used to determine conformance of web content with the [Revised Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973](https://www.access-board.gov/ict), as amended (29 U.S.C. 794d).
```
